`inconversation` condition added (#1949)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: docs/Documentation/Conditions-List.md

    ```YAML
    height 16
    ```
    
## In Conversation: `inconversation`

This condition checks, if the player is in a conversation.

| Parameter      | Syntax              | Default Value            | Explanation                                                                                        |
|----------------|---------------------|--------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | _conversation_ | `conversation:name` | :octicons-x-circle-16:   | Optional name of the conversation. If specified, it will check only for the specific conversation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _conversation_ | `conversation:name` | :octicons-x-circle-16:   | Optional name of the conversation. If specified, it will only check for the conversation with this name. |
```
